<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- vim: set indentexpr=:   -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Aggregate tech tips</title>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<style>
div.entry
{
    border: darkgreen solid medium;
    padding: 0.5em;
    margin: 0.5em;
}
a:hover { background-color: palegreen; }
</style>
<script src="../js/jq.js"></script>

</head>
<body>

<p>
These are several tech tips I accumulated.
</p>

<h2>Tip: Releasing / Uncapturing the keyboard input focus when using a KVM / virt-manager VM</h2>

<p>
In order to release the keyboard input focus when using <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel-based_Virtual_Machine">KVM (Kernel-based
Virtual Machine)</a> and <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_Machine_Manager">virt-manager</a>
one can press "left control" and "left alt" together (not "left shift"). This was
described in <a href="https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/557853/how-to-configure-hotkeys-to-release-focus-with-qemu-virt-manager">this
post</a> from StackExchange, where it shows how to set it to a different key combination.
</p>

<p>
This was another post emulating <a href="https://twitter.com/lishevita">Lisha Sterling</a>'s
old "know where the ledge is" blog (which seems to have disappeared).
</p>

<h2>Tip: Vim: Setting a different X.org/X11 Connection</h2>

<p>
If you are using <a href="https://www.vim.org/">Vim</a> or <a href="https://neovim.io/">neovim</a>
and wish to set a different X.org connection (e.g: for copy+paste), you can use
<code>:let $DISPLAY = 'myremotehost.tld:0.0'</code>. Other <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable">environment variables</a>
can be changed or set in a similar way using the dollar-sign notation.
</p>

<h2>Tip: GFile type in python3 / gi / Gio / Gtk+</h2>

<p>
The <a href="https://developer.gnome.org/gio/stable/GFile.html">GFile</a>
type in python can be retrieved using the following idiom:
</p>

<pre>
import gi
from gi.repository import Gio

FILE_TYPE = Gio.File.__gtype__

# Use FILE_TYPE
</pre>

<h2>Tip: Search for file paths by pattern using DNF (on Fedora / CentOS / etc)</h2>

<p>
Using <a href="https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/DNF">DNF</a> one can search for file paths which
are contained in uninstalled packages (similar to <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/apt-file">apt-file</a>
on Debian / Ubuntu / etc. or <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urpmi">urpmf</a> on Mageia)
using <code>dnf whatprovides '/usr/bin/start*'</code>.
</p>

<h2>Licence</h2>

<p>
Copyright by Shlomi Fish, 2020.
</p>

<p>
You can reuse this entry under
<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">the Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 Unported</a> licence, or at your option any later version of
it.
See the
<a href="https://www.shlomifish.org/meta/copyrights/#cc_by_intr">instructions</a>
on how to comply with it.
</p>

<p>
Whatever code given here is provided under the <a href="https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license">MIT / Expat licence</a>.
</p>

<script src="anchors.js"></script>

</body>
</html>
