<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Third Alphageeks Israel Meeting</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="next" href="me/" title="" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Homepage RSS Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/rss" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Atom Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/atom" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Report on the Alphageeks meeting</h1>

<p>
I went to
<a href="http://www.whatsup.org.il/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=News&amp;file=article&amp;sid=6493a">a
meeting of an Israeli computers group called "Alphageeks" today</a>
and would like to write a report about it when my memory is still fresh.
</p>

<p>
I was a little tardy this time, because I got prepared late and left home
even later, but the first presentation still did not start when I got there
a few minutes after the schedule. It took me a lot of time to find the
building, because I did not print a good map in advance and instead relied
on my memory of the general location of the place and people's directions.
</p>

<p>
One thing I noticed was that the location left a lot to be desired. The
building is old, the stairs suffered from a lot of decay, and the elevator
did not seem to work, nor could really be trusted (as someone I left with
said later on). I ended up at a studio apartment on the third floor without
too many chairs, with a fridge and a counter with a lot of food and drink
(including many beer bottles - I don't drink but it seemed like a nice
bonus), and with many people there. Since I didn't have a chair, I opted
to stand during the two talks that I stayed to watch.
</p>

<p>
The first thing we did was a round of introductions
</p>

<p>
In any case, I placed the bottle of juice that I had bought on the way on
the counter, took a cup from a different bottle of juice (Lemonade - yum.)
and went to stand and watch the talk about HTML 5. While it was as a general
rule, not a very technical talk, it was pretty cool, explaining the history
of HTML 5, some of the new features that we can expect from it, and
a lot of promise. We discussed the fact that
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/no-ie/">Internet Explorer</a> is still
lagging behind other browsers in its support for even older standards, and
I was disappointed to find out that MSIE 9 still does not support
<tt>.xhtml</tt> or the <tt>application/xml</tt> content-type. We also discussed
CSS 3, and the presenter said that CSS 2.1 was already good enough, and that
we could live without gradients or rounded corners.
</p>

<p>
He mentioned that his web-design process works by getting a page style
as an image from his graphics' designer, sending it somewhere
("to India, etc.") and getting a 100% squeaky clean and semantic XHTML design,
and then using jQuery to communicate with the JSON API, and stuff like that.
</p>

<p>
Then there was a break, where I ended up discussing my grand unified vision
for a typesetting system I'm writing as an alternative to TeX and LaTeX,
and also asked a little about
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XSL_Formatting_Objects">XSL-FO</a>
and <a href="http://xmlgraphics.apache.org/fop/">Apache FOP</a>,
and we concluded that good internationalisation may be a problem with some of
the XSL-FO implementations. The Apache FOP people told me they would rather
not implement Bi-directionality (e.g: mixed Arabic/Hebrew/etc. and Latin)
until version 1.0 and the last release was 0.95 since 13 months ago.
</p>

<p>

</p>
<!--

* Suggestion: move to a better location.
    - more chairs.
    - better location, location, location.
* HTML 5.
    - lots of promise.
    - Drag and Drop.
    - Partially implemented in various browsers.
* Flex
    - difference between Flex , Flash and AIR.
    - GNU flex.
    -
* The Qantor vision.
    - Knuth would not like it.
*
-->
</body>
</html>
