<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>The Lost Souls of Freenode</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="next" href="me/" title="" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Homepage RSS Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/rss" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Atom Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/atom" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>The Lost Souls of Freenode</h1>

<p>
I originally wanted to write a more prose-like blog post about the topic of
“The Lost Souls of Freenode”, echoing some of my frustrations
from trying to help people on <a href="http://freenode.net/">Freenode</a>
channels, especially <code>#perl</code> and <code>##programming</code> and
I started from keeping a list of bullets and sub-bullets and decided to keep
it this way out of being lazy. Maybe it can also be considered the blog
equivalent of some <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WikiHow">wikiHow</a>
pages.
</p>

<p>
After I gave a link to the bullets to someone I met on Freenode, he told
me he hasn't found any of what he read here surprising from his experience
on IRC and as a tutor and T.A. (= Teacher Assistant) in an American college.
</p>

<ul>
<li>
<p>
“Many Lost Souls” on Freenode's #perl - IM conversation.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Quote
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/fortunes/show.cgi?id=sharp-perl-rules-of-the-sharp-perl-channels">the
conversation</a> about “First rule of #perl channels” (meaning that Freenode’s
#perl is our first line of defence).
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>People having problems getting indentation right.</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
People who /msg me after asking.
</p>

<ul>

<li>
<p>
Either they think that's the way to answer.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Or they think that I cannot help them because there's another
    conversation.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
They're usually not willing or cannot afford to pay.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Someone who thought that paying me 50 USD / hour for private help
was too high.
</p>
</li>

</ul>

</li>

<li>
<p>
People who want us to write their code for them.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
“Help me with a script I found.”
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
Often badly written.
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>
<p>
“Help me with using a program / my operating system / etc.”
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
Not even related to coding.
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
“Are you using version control?” “No, what's that?”
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
Automated tests?
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
A debugger?
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Old versions of perls.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
Homework/scholastic constraints.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
“We didn't study it yet”
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
“No external modules / CPAN”
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
“Not allowed to use any built-in language data structures, including not arrays.”
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
Mandatory course.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Graded 0 once because was programmed on Python-2.7.x and tested on
Python-3.3.x (on Windows).
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>
<p>
One who didn't know what files are nor did file I/O.
</p>

<ul>

<li>
<p>
He only used the Ruby REPL directly (for short and ephemeral programs).
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
private conversation with someone else who didn't know what files are.
</p>
</li>

</ul>

</li>

</ul>

</body>
</html>
