<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Web Development Has Become Too Hard</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="./favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="next" href="me/" title="" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Homepage RSS Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/rss" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Shlomi Fish's Atom Feed" href="http://www.livejournal.com/community/shlomif_hsite/data/atom" />
</head>
<body>

<h1>Web Development Has Become Too Hard</h1>

<p>
Web development has become too hard. It's not nostalgia - it's been a while
since it has been easy, and I'm not sure it ever was. But in any case, the
past does not matter - it is very very hard.
</p>

<p>
<a href="http://lwn.net/Articles/266313/">Linus Torvalds commented that:</a>
<q>User space developers are weenies. One of the most fun parts of
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_%28software%29">git</a>
development for me has been how easy everything is.</q>. Well, git confuses
me and many other people who starts with it; often emits obscure error messages
and refuses to do many operations that require me to consult other people
on how to proceed; it tends to emit over-verbose error messages; it lacks
a good external or internal API ; and it has been the topic of an excessive
amount of blog posts explaining obscure ways to do various processes in
the "Grand Unified Theory of Version Control Using Git", a potential thesis
subject of some Ph.D. diplomas. (that was sarcasm.). So I'm not sure Torvalds
did a very good job.
</p>

<p>
However, designing command line applications is easy, as I can testify (though
some people fail to do it too), and designing APIs is not much harder. But
what about web development? I once attended a supper after a Linux-Herzeliya
meeting where an open source contractor said something along these lines:
"Some people think that web-development is easier than kernel development, but
it's really not true. It's actually harder. Just getting everything to work
with Internet Explorer 6 is excruciatingly difficult.". Of course, the more I
thought about it recently, the more I concluded that supporting Internet
Explorer 6 (which some web-sites including my own have decided to avoid
recently) is just the tip of the iceberg of how hard contemporary
web-development is.
</p>

<h2>The Past</h2>

<p>
<b>The Internet</b>.
</p>

<p>
<b>"The Net is the Computer"</b>
</p>

<p>
<b>HTTP and HTML</b> - <b>Hypertext</b> Transfer Protocol and Markup Language.
</p>

<p>
<b>The Web Becomes a "General" Application Platform</b>
</p>

<p>
<b>New daily buzzwords</b>
</p>

<h2>Case study: www.shlomifish.org</h2>

<p>
I maintain a <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/">personal web-site on
www.shlomifish.org</a>. It is large and contains essays, articles, stories,
aphorisms and quotes, presentation materials, information about myself, links
to open-source software I've worked on and many other resources. I enjoy
working on it, and many people who stumbled upon it or I referred them to it
have complimented me on it and said that they enjoyed some of it.
</p>

<p>
Here are some factors that facilitate my work on the site:
</p>

<ol>

<li>

<p>
The site is <b>almost completely static data</b> and the server just
serves the
files as is. In order to have a common look and feel, I generate the pages
from templates, text and other data using my own <b>off-line</b>
CMS, which I invoke from the command line on my local computer, it
generates the final site and I then update it on the server.
<a href="http://web-cpan.berlios.de/latemp/">The off-line CMS is
open-source</a>, but it's besides the point.
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
I recently <b>dropped support for MSIE 6</b> and may
not support MSIE 7 either. My pages broke with IE 6 and I could not bother
to hack around it and I have
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/no-ie/">an
anti-IE page</a>.
</p>

</li>
</ol>

<p>
Despite all that, the site has the following problems:
</p>

<ol>

<li>

<p>
It fails to render properly when the font sizes are increased too much
(somewhere past 20pt IIRC). While this is quite unusual, some people -
especially those who have a poor eyesight may opt to use it and thus
the site is less usable for them. Someone on webdesign-L who pointed
me to it, has given me some fixed CSS but he didn't test it and I didn't
know where to put it and whether it will work at all, so I didn't pursue
this direction.
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
Some people have complained about the site's width being either too
narrow or too wide. The site uses a fixed-width layout (because that is
what the original WordPress design that I based my efforts on used),
and so there's no one-size-fits-all.
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
The separators between the links in the bottom are not properly middle
aligned and I don't know how to fix it. (Very minor problem but it is
still annoying.)
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
Like I said, the site does not work properly in MSIE 6, which in a perfect
world would be easy to do.
</p>

</li>


<li>

<p>
One cannot comment on the pages. I added Disqus JavaScript-based comments
once,
but I believed they made the site much slower, and the fact that they
started loading Google Analytics, which I want to avoid was the last
straw and I removed them. Now if I wanted to add comments, I'll need
to either find a different JavaScript-comments provider, or alternatively
implement comments myself using a server-side scripting solution.
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
Despite that, my site still requires Google Analytics due to the
<a href="http://sharethis.com/">ShareThis button</a> I placed there.
While I like the functionality that ShareThis provides to people who
visit my site, I'm unhappy with its Analytics requirement. When I
contacted ShareThis about this they told me "At this time, there is no way
to disable our widget from accessing Google Analytics.", so I need to
hack something in Perl or whatever to render the link sharing buttons
in order to avoid ShareThis and subsequently Google Analytics. I haven't
done it yet.
</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>
The colours of the background layout images are a little off on my
stationary computer's LCD screen and completely off on my laptop's screen.
I intend to fix it, but didn't yet get to it.
</p>

</li>


<li>

<p>
</p>

</li>


<li>

<p>

</p>

</li>

<li>

<p>

</p>

</li>


</ol>

<p>
<a href="http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Benjamin_Franklin">Benjamin Frankling</a>
is misquoted as saying that "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her
girl friends." (he did say something similar more verbosely). Similarly, at the
two times I have published revisions of
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/computers/web/create-a-great-personal-homesite/rev2.html">my
essay "Create a Great Personal Homesite"</a>, people took the opportunity
to criticise my home site, in order to demonstrate how smart they were in
demonstrating how much I didn't practise what I preached, instead of what
I said in the essay itself. So if you want to discover problems with your site,
then publishing such an essay would be a sure-fire way to see
what people think of it, despite the fact that their own sites may have
a fraction of the useful content of your site (or mine for that matter).
</p>

<p>
Naturally, all the problems I mention here are just the current state of the
site. Many more were solved along the way, and the time I invest in solving
such problems, could be invested in adding more content to the site, which is
what actually attracts people to it. I am a mostly one-man team in maintaining
www.shlomifish.org and do not have a lot of monetary resources at my disposal
to invest in it (so I cannot afford to hire a good CSS designer, for example).
</p>

<p>
Don't get me wrong: many people have complimented me or thanked me for the
many resources they found on the site and I'm happy to hear from them. But
I always have the nagging feeling that not everyone are happy, or that I can
never please everyone, or that people like complaining for the sake of
complaining to show how smart they are and are never happy. Luckily, I'm not
a perfectionist, but still the point is that it would take too much effort
to create a site that functions perfectly.
</p>

<h2>The Problem with The Web Today</h2>

<p>
In order to do good web design today, you need to first learn HTML/XHTML,
CSS and most probably JavaScript as well. While the situation is much better
than a few years ago, different browsers still have different quirks and
different problems with implementing the standards for them (especially
Internet Explorer 6, which many sites still need to support). Then you'll need
to design an attractive site that will be look adequately everywhere. Some
designers only give you a big image (PSD, etc.) of the web-site's layout that
they expect you to slice and dice and convert to XHTML+CSS yourself, and
there are services (such as <a href="http://www.psd2html.com/">PSD2HTML</a>)
that will do it for you ("Starting at $159."), or you can do it yourself. If
you're a good designer, you might be able to do the CSS and images work
yourself.
</p>

<p>
A few problems along the way are: 1. CSS positioning being the hard, quirky
and counter-intuitive monster that it is. 2. Browser incompatibilities. 3.
Having to learn a good JavaScript abstraction library, such as
<a href="http://jquery.com/">jQuery</a>, and hope that you won't have to
learn another one when working on a different project.
</p>

<p>
Now once we are done with the client-side code (which is much easier on
paper), we are going to the server-side. Here you have to deal with the
HTTP protocol, with various potential holes such as
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_injection">SQL injection</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting">Cross-site scripting
(a.k.a "HTML injection" or XSS)</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery">Cross-site
request forgery (CSRF)</a>, and simple design bugs that may escalate into
security problems. Even if your web application is perfectly secure, it still
does not mean that it doesn't have usability bugs or general usability
issues.
</p>

<p>
And then naturally, there's the choice of server-side technology: Perl,
Python, PHP, Ruby, ASP, ASP.NET, Java/JSP, ColdFusion, Erlang, Haskell, C++,
server-side JavaScript, Squeak Smalltalk and many more obscure
technologies. And after you've done choosing a technology, you still need
to choose the
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application_framework">
web-development framework</a> or content-management system. In Perl alone
the choice of web-development frameworks includes CGI-Application
(and Titanium), CGI-Application-Plus, CGI-Builder, CGI-Prototype, Jifty,
Catalyst (and Reaction), Mojo, SweetPea, Dancer, Gantry, AxKit, WebGUI
and I've heard of some new ones under development. Each such
framework comes with its own APIs to learn, bugs and mis-features to be aware
of, new surprises and a whole lot of stuff to learn as you go.
</p>

<p>
When I worked on a web-based mailing list software for an Israeli company,
it was decided to convert the existing PHP codebase to
<a href="http://www.symfony-project.org/">the Symfony web framework</a>. It
took me a while to get the demo application to work, and afterwards I had
problems with the database abstraction layer there
leaking memory (which made me have to resort to using the old mysql interface).
Moreover, the recent versions of PHP (in a minor third digit release) broke
compatibility with the testing framework that Symfony standardised on,
which made it harder for us to write tests, unless we would have upgraded the
test framework to its non-officially-released beta.
</p>

<p>
The motivation for converting the code to Symfony was to improve
its quality, but one day I glimpsed at some code that my co-workers were
working on, and while it has been using the framework conventions, was still
clearly horrible code. So using a web-development framework was not sufficient
for having elegant code.
</p>

<p>

</p>

</body>
</html>
