<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Shlomif.org - shlomif_tech community beta</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<style type="text/css">
div.entry
{
    border: darkgreen solid medium;
    padding: 0.5em;
    margin: 0.5em;
}
a:hover { background-color: palegreen; }
</style>

</head>
<body>


<div class="entry" id="email-as-a-todo-list">

<h2>Why E-mail is not only a Todo list</h2>

<p>
This is a essay that aims to be a correction to what <a href="http://paulgraham.com/ambitious.html">Paul Graham wrote</a>:
</p>

<blockquote>
<p>
Email was not designed to be used the way we use it now. Email is not a messaging protocol. It's a todo list. Or rather, my inbox is a todo list, and email is the way things get onto it. But it is a disastrously bad todo list.
</p>

<p>
I'm open to different types of solutions to this problem, but I suspect that tweaking the inbox is not enough, and that email has to be replaced with a new protocol. This new protocol should be a todo list protocol, not a messaging protocol, although there is a degenerate case where what someone wants you to do is: read the following text.
</p>
</blockquote>

<p>
While it seemed to have made a little sense at first, I eventually realised
that there are other resources whose functionality I use as a to-do list aside
from email. For example:
</p>

<ol>

<li>
<p>
My browser's bookmarks’ menu where I bookmark links to deal with.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
My home directory and other directories on my file system where I put non-permanent
files.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Non-committed files in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Version_control">version control</a> repositories.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Bug trackers / issue trackers.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
Actual to-do lists I keep and manage.
</p>
</li>

</ol>

<p>
However, there are other aspects for their use aside from serving as a to-do
list, and they are all different from one another.
</p>

<p>
As a result, while trying to create an alternative to E-mail is commendable,
I suspect that trying to replace E-mail with a to-do-list-like
protocol will not prove to be popular, because like those - E-mail is
not exclusively a to-do list.
</p>
</div>

</body>
<!-- vim: set indentexpr=:   -->
</html>
