In:

http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/GuerrillaInterviewing3.html

Joel says:

<<<<<<<<
First of all, avoid the illegal questions. Anything related to race, religion,
gender, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status,
sexual orientation, or physical handicap is illegal here in the United States.
If their resume says they were in the Marines, you can’t ask them, even to make
pleasant conversation, if they were in Iraq. It’s against the law to
discriminate based on veteran status. If their resume says that they attended
the Technion in Haifa, don’t ask them, even conversationally, if they are
Israeli, even if you’re just making conversation because your wife is Israeli,
or you love Felafel. It’s against the law to discriminate based on national
origin.
>>>>>>>>

Well, this just goes to show why discrimination should be legal and
anti-discrimination are harmful and unethical. I posted about it to
Philosophy-IL here:

http://groups.yahoo.com/group/philosophy-il/message/81

Here's the executive summary.

1. Ethics is defined here:

http://www.neo-tech.com/neotech/advantages/advantage83.html

And says that the only unethical activity is:

<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
No person, group of persons, or government may initiate force, threat of
force, or fraud against the person or property of any individual.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

As such, discrimination and racism are ethical, and as law must reflect
ethics, they must also be legal.

2. Trying to prevent racist discrimination will only cause bad side-effects
(like the anti-discrimination measures whih stand against the liberty of
speech that Joel mentions.)

3. There are cases where discrimination may be a good thing. A good example
is preferring a somewhat less qualified person, but with a more tough
background (like being Black, etc.).

4. A person has a right to be racist, and the state is not supposed to
intrude into his personal opinions.

5. Discrimination and Racism are much harder to prove and assess than real
crimes like murder, theft or rape.

----------------------------

In short, discrimination should be legal.


