To be frank, I'm not sure Donald Trump was that bad. His Twitter was fun and
funny - even if apparently stupid at times . OTOH, people thought
https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/fortunes/paul-graham.html ,
https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/fortunes/joel-on-software.html ,
http://esr.ibiblio.org/ , [my essays](https://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/) ,
etc. were stupid, blasphemous, offending, funny, etc. too, just like <a
href="https://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/philosophy/putting-cards-on-the-table-2019-2020/#hacker-monarchs">previous
messiahs / hacker monarchs</a> .

As far as I know, none of us claimed to be the ultimate word on the subject
matter in mankind's history, but people thought we were so bad that they wanted
to <a
href="https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/dwaviq/where_they_have_burned_books_they_will_end_in/">burn
our books or ourselves</a>. Some people love to hate [Ayn
Rand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayn_Rand) so much that they bring her into
the conversation regardless of the topic.

One thing I was told Trump did was get rid of many regulations. Frankly, the
bylaws canon of .us and other countries is appallingly large, and judges tend
to use common sense or gut feeling too, anyway. I feel that "rules" - including
the Ten Commandments and the American Constitution - are <a
href="http://shlomifishswiki.branchable.com/Rules_are_Just_Guidelines/">just
guidelines anyway</a>, much less unwritten or arbitrary Internet forums rules
like "linking is not writing" or "self-promotion is bad".

I also agree with Vincent Price that <a
href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQALLGsn-Fk">"I've never met a monster
that I didn't like"</a> or like my mother noted "There are no bad people - only
bad actions". I also have <a
href="https://twitter.com/shlomif/status/1350911622781546499">a hypothesis</a>
that
["Salaam", "Shalom"](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Reconstruction:Proto-Semitic/%C5%A1al%C4%81m-)
 means "well-being", "welfare", "wholeness", even
prosperity - more than "tranquility". Humans by nature need some excitement,
but it can be increasingly harmless (= art, entretainment, gossip, arguing,
making/creating/hacking stuff). "may you live in interesting times".

covfefely yours, and I think your blog/twitter are great too, -- Shlomi Fish
